Now for that I'm back in my coat and first of all we need a server.
Now I won't write my own server side code because this course of course is not about services.
Technologies like no jazz.
Instead we can use Firebase which is a free to use service or free to get started at least where we
don't need to write any suicide code to still get a service side API.
We can work with.
For that you just need a Google account.
And with that on fire based on Google dot com you can go to that console and they are create a new fire
based project simply click on Add project data and give it any name you want like our incomplete guide.
Any name you like set this checkmark here and create the project and wait for this to be done which
will be super fast.
Now getting started with firebase won't cost you anything and you don't need a credit card to get started.
Check out the firebase pricing documentation if you plan on using this in your production ready application
of course.
So this was created and now we're taking to this newly created app and firebase actually has a bunch
of services.
It's a fully managed backend which we all won't need.
I just need to database there and that's important by the way.
Firebase sounds like it's a database which we connect to our app.
Actually you never directly connect a cloud database to your application.
Instead your application will always communicate with an API.
Typically arrest API which then in turn talks to a database because directly setting up a connection
would be insecure.
So that's how we'll do it.
And firebase will give us both a rest api and then a database to which that API talks behind the scenes
without us writing any query code.
Still we need to enable that database by clicking on database here and there.
Make sure you scroll down to the real time database and you click Create their real time database not
fire a store.
Instead use the real time database and important start and test mode which makes sure that the rules
the security rules are set up such that no authentication is required.
We'll change that later to require authentication but for now we have no users so we will start like
this.
Note this is later where you will see your data which you write to Firebase and its database and this
is the you are L or a part of the you or l You need to send requests to to store data data or to fetch
data from there.
And the cool thing about firebase real time database is that it kind of gives you a database hidden
behind the rest api where you can Target's dynamic arrest API endpoints which will then automatically
be translated to write or update requests on your database.
So it looks like your directly talking to a database but you always will talk to a rest api and then
your incoming requests are kind of automatically translated to database Carys.
You could say this however is to you or L or an important part of you or l We will talk to though.
So with that you are Al will talk to you and why don't we start with making sure that we can actually
create new products and stored them there so that when I submit a new product we don't just save it
here in memory but we actually send the request to Firebase to store it on its servers.
That is exactly what I want to do here because to me that makes a lot of sense.